[AUDIO LOGO]
>>WILLIAM HENRY:
Has the human race
been hijacked by
an alien species?
And that is a really
legitimate question.
It was always the intention
of our spiritual forbearers
that we would develop ourselves
organically and evolve
into a human, angelic hybrid.
These reports, that
Department of Commerce
report, a NASA report,
make it absolutely clear
that this is a
planned transformation
of the human species.
Five years ago, I wouldn't
have been talking about demons.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Oh,
they'll admit they're there,
and they are affecting
us and influencing us.
>>HENRY: Without a doubt.
That's the predicament
all of us are in.
We have an awakening experience,
be it some a health issue,
career issue, family whatever.
Suddenly now,
we're in it, and we
need to know what is possible
and what we can ultimately
achieve.
We're being told to sit down and
shut up that we're the problem.
And we're not the problem,
we're part of the solution.
>>REGINA: According
to William Henry,
we're at a choice point as to
what kind of ascension humanity
will be making pink or gray.
What I mean by this
is that humankind
can evolve organically as we
have throughout millennia,
or we can have the
heavy hand of AI
evolve us into something
entirely different.
We need to know what's at stake.
William, welcome back.
It's so good--
>>HENRY: Thank you.
>>REGINA: --to see you again.
>>HENRY: So good
to see you, Regina.
Thank you for having me.
>>REGINA: You never change,
and you're always just--
you're just a wonderful
sparkle in the studio.
>>HENRY: Thank you.
Thank you.
>>REGINA: So this
time, we're going
to talk about a little
bit of heavy stuff
along with ascension because
we have something that
could certainly thwart
that for a good percentage
of the population.
And with some people's
views on it, all of humanity
ultimately is going to make it.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: And
including yourself.
That's the spoiler alert.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
>>REGINA: However it can be
easier or much more difficult
and much longer,
depending on the path.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
What's a great movie without
a great villain, right.
And we've got a great
villain on the planet
with us right now
living in our homes,
taking our children
away from us,
taking our humanity away from
us, and people are like going,
oh but oh, it does
everything for me.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
It's a convenience,
it's an addiction.
It has changed the way our
youth's brains are developing.
>>HENRY: Yes.
>>REGINA: And you know I talked
to Sheila Gillette and the Theo
group about this and--
because I was talking
to them in this way.
And they said,
well, you just have
to understand kind of
looking at the meta-view
from wherever they
are, yeah, it's bad.
However, this is what happens
where the pendulum has
to hit it and knock it one
way before it can go back
the other, it's how
far-- how much further
can the pendulum go?
>>HENRY: Yeah, exactly.
>>REGINA: And so-- and that's
what you're looking into.
So let's first talk about
what the potential is.
We're looking at the potential
of an ascended consciousness
for all of humanity to keep
step with Mother Earth.
>>HENRY: Yes, exactly.
This was always the intention
of our spiritual forbearers
that we would develop ourselves
organically and evolve
into a human, angelic hybrid.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HENRY: That was the goal.
A perfected humanity
they referred to.
And perfect means to be
more whole, more holy, more
complete, and more
compassionate.
And then what happened in the
middle of the 20th century
is that the technology people
got ahold of this and said,
oh no, a perfect
human is one who's
packed full of nanotechnology--
>>REGINA: And never dies.
>>HENRY: --and never dies and
is linked up to everybody else
and has no free will and has--
>>REGINA: Superhuman strength.
>>HENRY: --superhuman
strength, all of that.
And it's like this is
Satan taking Jesus up
to the top of the pinnacle
of Solomon's temple
and saying all
this can be yours.
Just give us your soul.
>>REGINA: And you say
no, I don't think so.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Thank you.
>>HENRY: And this
isn't hyperbole--
>>REGINA: No, it's not.
>>HENRY: --because we recognize
through the statements
of the developers of
artificial intelligence
and all of this technology
that they themselves
refer to it as demonic,
as alien, as non-human.
And it is, in fact, anti-human.
It's anti-human, it's
anti-God, it's anti-Christ.
It's-- and this is what we're
seeing in our society now is
this sort of lawlessness taking
over where humans do not matter
any more in this context.
>>REGINA: No, and we're
up to such a breakdown
in all spiritual paths
that mental illness
that has taken over.
Some by design,
some organically.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: We're seeing what a
mass shooting almost every day
now?
Which we predicted
a few years ago--
>>HENRY: Sure.
>>REGINA: --it was
going to go that way.
And it's not stopping.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: Right now,
it's not stopping.
>>HENRY: But all of us
are participants too.
We're not bystanders
or bystanders in this.
We're actively participating
with every click, every time
we use the phone, every
time we're using--
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>HENRY: --the
computer we're building
this intelligence that is
ultimately not for our benefit.
And so that puts the power back
into the hand of the users who
are able to say, well, maybe
I can limit what I'm doing,
or I can press these
companies to be regulated.
This is before Congress today
where one of these shills
for AI is before
Congress saying, oh yeah,
my product is dangerous,
and it's unpredictable,
and I don't know what it's
all-- it's harmful but--
>>REGINA: Well, a lot of
the developers have come out
and said that.
>>HENRY: They have.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HENRY: Yes, they have.
They're like rats
fleeing a ship.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>HENRY: They've
grown a conscience.
They're all now watching
Netflix sitting at home in the--
>>REGINA: "The
Social Dilemma" was
a good documentary indicating
how they use our algorithms
and the way they suck
people in unnaturally.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
Exactly.
I mean, this is--
if you had told us
that there was going to be a
predator coming on the planet,
you couldn't have picked
a better predator.
And that's what we've got here.
And humanity has not had a
predator for, say, 10,000 years
or more apart from
ourselves, but now we do.
And we have to recognize that
and treat it as a predator.
>>REGINA: So I'm going
to read this here.
A report from US National
Science Foundation Commerce
Department.
Science Foundation/Commerce
So when I read that, first
of all, it's like, what?
It's essentially saying
that what's happening
is they're merging bits right?
Computers, atoms,
nanotechnology, neurons,
neuroscience, and
genes DNA into one
seamless tech spoken of as
a utopian new golden era.
>>HENRY: Yes.
>>REGINA: So expand
on this for us
and what's really going down
in the field of science.
Which obviously is for
commercial development.
>>HENRY: Absolutely.
>>REGINA: It's all
for gain by a handful.
>>HENRY: Yes.
And that report was from 2002.
That was the US Department
of Commerce gathering
all the big tech
players together
that were in existence then
saying we want all of you
to merge your technologies
into one technology aimed
at the human body to introduce
a new species of machine
intelligence to create
wealth beyond imagination
and a new golden age.
That's their terminology.
>>REGINA: Well, wait.
Wealth for whom?
>>HENRY: Yeah, wealth
for whom exactly.
This is not going
to be for everybody.
The majority of people
will lose their job.
And this will happen
in the next few years.
And you will then be given
your minimal sustenance
from the government.
They'll take your cash away.
Of course, we already
know that's coming.
And then they're going
to just say you deserve,
based on our social credit
system we're implementing,
you deserve this standard
of living, and that's it.
And there will be no more of
what we know of as capitalism,
and it'll be pure
communism planet wide.
>>REGINA: Yes, so give
us some ideas now.
I mean, I think all of us can
probably draw a few examples
to mind of how those
technologies they spoke about
in 2002 are actually playing
out in the world of science
and human enhancement.
>>HENRY: Right, the idea
is that they don't even
have to put implants
in us anymore,
they can do it from a distance.
These algorithms are
controlling us already.
They know us better
than we know ourselves.
So it's an invisible
form of manipulation
as well as the overt
form of manipulation.
And what concerns me
most is that these
reports that
Department of Commerce
report, a NASA report that
was two years older than that
said exactly the same thing.
Make it absolutely
clear that this
is a planned transformation
of the human species driven
by the US military.
And the question is, well, why
is the military driving this?
And who are they
actually answering to?
>>REGINA: Who are they serving?
>>HENRY: Well, I mean,
has the human race been
hijacked by an alien species?
I mean, that is a really
legitimate question.
And something
people often ask me
was if you had a chance to meet
an extraterrestrial, an alien,
what question would
you ask them first.
And one would be are you AI?
And if not, how did
you transcend AI?
Because everyone
from Stephen Hawking
on down has been
telling us this is
the foremost existential
threat to humanity.
And it might not
even be Earthly.
So we all have to recognize
this side of it that this is--
>>REGINA: This is not sci-fi.
>>HENRY: This is not sci-fi.
This is the Book of Revelation.
>>REGINA: That's what I believe.
Absolutely.
>>HENRY: Without a doubt,
this is the dragon,
this is the mark
of the beast, this
is the image of the
beast technology.
>>REGINA: And the time
of Revelation, to reveal.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And that's
the beauty of it.
It is the time to reveal, and
we have the very mechanisms
that can ensnare us into
that world are the ones that
can also distribute
information like we're doing
right now that humanity needs.
You obviously have a
double-edged sword there.
>>HENRY: Yeah, we do.
>>REGINA: But it
takes discernment.
>>HENRY: It truly does.
>>REGINA: And discipline.
>>HENRY: And a recognition that
we have a spiritual ability
within us to combat this.
That we can raise our
ascension intelligence,
become more like the
angels, and transcend
artificial intelligence.
And that's the
challenge right now.
And that is the promise of
the Book of Revelation is that
there's--
>>REGINA: Yes, it is.
>>HENRY: --a small
number of people,
they're referred
to as the 144,000,
who don't take the
mark of the beast
and don't worship the
image of the beast that
defeat that beast.
So--
>>REGINA: On behalf of all.
>>HENRY: On behalf of all.
Right.
Exactly.
>>REGINA: And it doesn't
mean the rest of us
need to go to sleep
or not do our part.
We all have to fuel that
field of consciousness that
is organic and has--
it's almost like
when you glimpse
into it and in my
hermetic studies
the fourth realm or the Elysian
Fields, when you look at that,
it is the perfected
template of Earth
where we appear to be
like human-hybrid-angels.
>>HENRY: Yes.
>>REGINA: Where the emotions
have been soothed and calmed
and are used in a proper way--
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: --instead of
manipulated like they are now.
And just one-- first answer
that or comment to that
the whole thing about
how emotions are running
on this planet and
manipulated, then
I'm going to go into
another little piece.
We're just going
to go for it here.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: There's so much.
>>HENRY: Well, I mean, that's
what the news is, right.
It's just emotional
manipulation.
It's not a
presentation of facts.
It's just simply
manipulating people
based on beliefs and
their social bubble
that we talked
about a moment ago.
>>REGINA: Right.
And that's very juicy and
addictive for people--
>>HENRY: Yes, it is.
>>REGINA: --to reinforce
these neural networks
and literally create a stronger
and stronger impression where
we're less flexible, less open.
We become more siloed and rigid.
The more we repeat reinforcing
these same messages
to ourselves or listen
to others reinforce it,
I don't think most
people really understand
the danger of listening
to the same talk
show hosts spouting
the same garbage,
I don't care what side
you're on, over and over.
>>HENRY: Right.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: What happens when we
become inflexible and brittle?
>>HENRY: Yeah, precisely.
Precisely.
And so it's up to the individual
then, as you said a moment ago,
discernment, education,
understanding
the power of this
moment, stepping into it,
and stepping up.
>>REGINA: Yes, so when
you're talking about some
of-- the technology
is very sexy.
>>HENRY: Yes, it is.
>>REGINA: I mean,
when someone can say,
hey, we can send
a nanobot in there
and repair this damage to the
heart, who's going to say no?
>>HENRY: Right.
Right.
Well, who's going to
say yes to you being
able to do that it would be
my question because it's not
a free lunch, OK.
None of this--
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>HENRY: --is a free lunch.
All you have to do
is give over your--
>>REGINA: Talk about
that a little bit.
>>HENRY: All you have to do
is give over your free will,
your ability to consciously
decide for yourself
and participate in a
social credit system.
Something like Facebook is
designed and implemented
for China is already
in place here
and it's already happening.
>>REGINA: So tell us about that.
How has that rolled out
in China and other places
where if you want these
privileged new technologies
that will help you
preserve your lifespan
and potentially the quality
of your life as well,
what do you have to buy into?
Is it-- where has
it been enacted?
>>HENRY: Well, it's China.
I mean, and it's more
fundamental than things
like amortality
and life extension
and those sorts of things, it's
your basic fundamentals of life
that are challenged
by this system.
And this is what we're stepping
into right now and recognizing
that, hey, if you're not
with us, you're against us.
That's their position.
They're making it very clear.
>>REGINA: So here in the
USA, it hasn't really
taken effect seemingly
to the same extent
it has in some other places.
You can still make
your own decision
as to how you're
going to proceed,
who you want to do
your banking with,
whether you want to invest and
we'll get into that in a moment
or not or whether you want
to put your money in a tin
can in the backyard, we
still have all those options
here because money is
still being printed.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: We don't have to
have chips in our arms yet.
>>HENRY: Right.
Yet.
But it's-- the options
are not going like this,
the options are going like this.
>>REGINA: Talk about
what that looks like.
>>HENRY: I mean, what
it looks like ultimately
is the individual relinquishing
all their power just
to stay alive.
And that is-- that's a
frightening prospect,
and we don't-- that's not what
our government was created
to do.
And so that means that
our government is really
not our government.
It's serving something
or somebody else.
>>REGINA: Yes.
We'll go back to John
Warner's statement there--
>>HENRY: Yeah.
Right, right.
>>REGINA: --what it's serving.
Which is very
interesting because I
deal with a lot of
channelers on my show
and I have my own beings.
And it's been fascinating
to me one common thread,
doesn't matter who they
are, including mine, when I
say who is doing this and why?
They're like almost like maybe
best you don't know quite yet.
And they won't talk about
the nature of the beings.
No one's channels will talk
about the nature of the beings.
And partly, I've
come to understand
they don't want our attention
focused that way on them.
They want it focused on what
we can do in our personal lives
to claim our sovereignty
and organic nature.
But they don't want us
focusing on what they are.
And I've always thought,
why won't you just tell us?
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: And I can't
get any of them to.
And it's not because-- there's
no evil agenda with them
that I can see.
What do you think about that?
>>HENRY: Well, I mean,
I didn't used to really,
like five years ago, I wouldn't
have been talking about demons
and that sort of thing.
>>REGINA: Oh, they'll
admit they're there,
and they are affecting
us and influencing us.
>>HENRY: Without a doubt.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HENRY: And I started
paying attention
to it just listening, as we
said a moment ago to some
of these AI technologists from
Elon Musk and Geordie Rose who
builds the quantum computers,
they're the ones that were
saying this is what this is.
>>REGINA: Oh, Elon Musk
has come out slamming it.
He's talking about the potential
dangers of what he created.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
Right.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
They all are.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HENRY: And so that means
we need a map to navigate
through what is transpiring.
And that's when I started
really looking more heavily
at the Book of Revelation
as the guidebook for what
is going on here.
Because why is it--
I mean, I remember
a few years ago,
there was a Chinese
economist who
was talking to a group
of Chinese people.
This was before the
election in 2020.
And he said oh,
we're not worried
about the election
in 2020, we've
got old friends in Washington.
And I thought, what do
you mean, old friends.
You used to smoke pot
together in college,
or do you mean
like old friends--
>>REGINA: Old friends.
>>HENRY: --like cosmic
sort of friends.
And you all are--
it doesn't matter if you're
Mark Zuckerberg growing up
in wherever he
grew up in America,
or you're some
Chinese Communist,
you all subscribe ultimately
to another entity.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HENRY: And I started
to just see it that way,
and it was kind of revolting
at first to think, well, wait
a minute is this really true?
And then it was quite ultimately
revelatory because it gave me
a pathway through and a
recognition that in 2020 hey,
we might want to
pay attention here.
There could be something
coming along the pike
here that might look like
the image of the beast
or the mark of the beast.
And some people would
argue that was what we saw
in 2020 as a march up to that.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
>>HENRY: A preamble,
if not the real thing.
It started.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HENRY: And so that means,
well, OK, if it started,
we really want to
pay attention here.
And so then you ultimately
have to decide, how am I
going to navigate this.
And this is where the organic
ascension teachings come in
because they speak
of the 144,000
in the Book of Revelation
that activate what they
refer to as the seal of God.
This is, I think, the
light body activation.
This is awakening the organic
potential of the pineal gland.
The release of secretions
that transmute our body that
boost our immune
system that ultimately
put our spiritual
capacity within our hands
and our ability to manipulate
what's going on out here.
This is like the perennial
kind of question for humanity.
Do we use technology,
or we don't?
And I'm not saying we don't
use technology at all.
>>REGINA: We're
using it right now.
That's why everybody's
watching us.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So and there's many
benefits to AI, of course.
Medical research, all
kinds of things like that.
But this is the ultimate--
this goes back Book of Genesis.
You have Cain and Abel, first
two children of Adam and Eve
in the story.
And then Cain, after
murdering Abel,
is sent off to the Land
of Nod, which we don't
know where that is exactly.
But it's a, this nebulous kind
of a place, but what he does
is he starts using technology.
He starts building cities.
He starts implementing
weights and measures,
and his family becomes known
as Smiths and developers
of technology.
And I look at that
story, and I think, well,
that is kind of the
perennial conflict,
isn't it whether, to use
the technology or not.
And very clearly, in
the Book of Genesis,
the commentary is saying
if you're using technology,
there's a bifurcation
that's going to take place.
And you all can go
off to the Land of Nod
and do this yourself.
So Elon and all those
guys go to Mars.
Turn it into an AI planet.
Turn yourselves and
your children into AI.
Leave ours alone.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HENRY: OK.
Because right now,
all they're doing
is saying you
sacrifice your children
on the altar of our technology.
We're not letting our
kids anywhere near this.
So the hypocrisy
is just astounding.
>>REGINA: It's true that
something is occurring
to me when you say this.
And that is, since
human beings came
to be the wonderful
weird hybrid species we
are that's on a trajectory
of learning and experience,
we're still in school,
there's one thing
that's been consistent.
We have always wanted
to push it further.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: We have
wanted to gauge
our-- engage our intellect.
Right and technology, even the
early technologies, weights
and measures gained
form and structure
for the development
of the intellect--
>>HENRY: True.
>>REGINA: --and to navigate
the physical reality.
It's within humans to push
those barriers no matter what.
>>HENRY: Right, right.
I agree.
And just to put the
other shoe on that,
I like the Mormon
belief about Enoch too.
Because the first city that
was built by the descendants
of Cain was called Enoch.
But then there's
another line of Enoch.
And this is the Enoch
who ascended and used
all his organic abilities
and worked with the angels
and was supposed to have created
a whole city that ultimately
ascended--
>>REGINA: As opposed to Enlil.
>>HENRY: --and will
be coming back.
Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah, as
opposed to Enlil.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
And so there is
this idea that, OK,
we're going to start seeing
the appearance of those guys,
the good guys that
previously ascended long ago,
will be returning at this time.
>>REGINA: I believe they have.
>>HENRY: They could well do.
>>REGINA: They are
speaking all the time.
That impulse that we're getting
where I don't know about people
watching this or you, but
are you going through the day
sometimes, and it's like
there's a blast of light,
almost like a feeling, almost
like a utopian blissful
feeling out of nowhere that is
just this beautiful reality.
It just flashes in, and
it's like, oh my gosh,
and then it goes away.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: It just-- it's
like a bleed-through
of this fourth realm
or other realm.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
Yeah.
And you know, I think too
about the rise of psilocybin,
for example, in our world as
a way of opening up the heart.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>HENRY: And suddenly,
as being de-scheduled,
it's being legalized in various
cities around the US right now
and will be descheduled
by the federal government.
This could be one of these
wild card sort of things
that's coming on the scene.
>>REGINA: It could be.
But you don't think it's on the
tail of the whole LSD movement
originally with the
intelligence communities?
>>HENRY: Well, here again.
>>REGINA: Is it, is it not?
>>HENRY: Psilocybin is natural.
It's organic.
And you can find
it in a mushroom
underneath a pine tree,
or you can manufacture it
synthetically.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And so I'm wondering, do you
think that, though, is truly
a more organic movement
to allow people
to start expressing the feelings
that have been suppressed
by society at large?
>>HENRY: Yes.
And ultimately, what it
does is it releases you
from old brain patterns too.
That's what John Hopkins--
>>REGINA: I did
it a couple times
and ended up frozen in space
because my knees wouldn't work,
but I'm like, I'll
practically shouting
I love you to every passerby.
>>HENRY: Right.
And I mean that is
a hopeful scenario.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HENRY: Millions of people will
begin using this or activating
latent spiritual abilities
and will wash the planet
with compassion, and
that will have an effect
like we can't even comprehend.
And that's another
hopeful scenario.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And it's even made its way into
some of the braver television
programming where
the main characters
are microdosing to good effect.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Which is-- when
I saw that, I thought,
who let that in?
How did that get
through the analysis
and not have a line
through it, right?
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: And, but
it's starting to be
shown as acceptable among
professional, intelligent
people.
>>HENRY: Totally, totally.
>>REGINA: So-- and
you've tried it.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HENRY: Yeah, it's amazing.
Absolutely astounding.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HENRY: And I'm
looking for ways--
I've had a feeling recently of
like a dolphin in an aquarium
at some sort of a
museum or whatever
and bumping up against the glass
trying to get out, and expand
and that's my motivation.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HENRY: As well as
to open the heart.
And because that is the
order of the day right now.
That is within the
capacity of all
of us is to become more
compassionate, more
loving, and accepting.
>>REGINA: But this
world, and you
say archons attach to
it whoever they may be,
or whatever form they're
in, wherever they came from,
whatever dimension.
And I want to talk about that.
There from, have
every vested interest
to see that we don't find
our way out of the aquarium.
>>HENRY: Yeah, absolutely.
Absolutely.
>>REGINA: And that's reflected
in everything being offered
and served up to us.
Not everything but a lot
that's being served up
in the media that appeals
to the lower nature.
Now what's interesting to me is
the dimensional aspect of this.
If we're talking about
the fourth realm,
the higher realm
in hermetic terms,
which is where we're
expanding into after the Earth
experience for humans
where we move into.
You have foregoers who
are prepping the way
and coming back and
holding hands for others
to pass over now.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: These other
beings are at play here.
So can you talk
about how you see
the dimensional fold of this?
>>HENRY: Well, I mean, from
the Gnostic perspective,
they always-- you mentioned
the archons a moment ago.
They're always the
nemesis that are trying
to take over our humanity.
They don't have
souls, they want ours.
And that's the ultimate
playbook that's--
>>REGINA: Not that different--
>>HENRY: --not that different.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HENRY: Right.
And the answer to
the archons is to put
on your full armor of God.
To your crown of
salvation, your breastplate
of righteousness, your belt of
truth, your sandals of peace,
and let your faith
be your shield.
Those can't be
exterior augmentations
because when Paul, the
apostle Paul for example,
is stating that we're
in a cosmic battle
against these archons
and that is the remedy,
he's writing to the first
Christian community,
and they couldn't have
hiked it down to Nordstrom
to get the latest Chanel
belt and Gucci shoes.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: Yeah, exactly.
>>HENRY: These must be
symbols that he's speaking of.
To activate our consciousness,
open our hearts,
speak truth, walk in peace.
And to raise our Kundalini,
ultimately the Holy Spirit
within.
So that is saying that we're
all capable of suiting up
here and transcending and
defeating these lower entities.
And in so doing, we become
higher beings ourselves.
>>REGINA: Rudolf
Steiner, same thing.
Ahriman and the other forces.
>>HENRY: Oh, right.
>>REGINA: Rudolf Steiner writes
volumes about this as well
in his beautiful work.
So then this comes
into another question.
I remember once a few
decades ago, my guide said,
unfortunately, humans have not
gotten to the point where they
learn the larger lessons
through pleasure,
they learn through
pain and pressure.
OK, I don't think we
can argue with that.
>>HENRY: No.
>>REGINA: OK.
So that's where we are.
They weren't being judgmental.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: And so it begs the
question when you're talking
about these other forces
just like Lucifer--
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: --fallen angel, right.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Do you think there's
some kind of larger agreement
that someone plays that
role opposite the role--
the opposite role
of creation creator
so that all beings
within the universes
have the opportunity to be put
under some kind of pressure
to see what we grow into?
>>HENRY: Yeah, I think that--
I really like that
idea a lot because we
do need that challenger
and the oppressor.
These are terms the
advocate-- these are
all terms for Lucifer or Satan.
That's the function
of that office.
>>REGINA: I mean--
advocate means lawyer.
[LAUGHTER]
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: In French.
>>HENRY: Yeah Yeah, exactly.
And so it's very
curious that those
are the titles or roles that
are played by this figure to--
>>REGINA: I don't mean--
sorry any lawyers,
I don't mean to insult you.
>>HENRY: Yeah, right.
You're not all Satan.
[LAUGHTER]
But to prompt humanity
to move and to shift,
that is kind of the ultimate
benevolent aspect of what is--
>>REGINA: So in a sense,
there's balance and order even
in the ugliest--
>>HENRY: I think so.
>>REGINA: --that's
expressing itself here?
>>HENRY: Yes.
>>REGINA: And there's
a natural order
in the lower realms trying to
reach in and feed, get what
they can, learn what they can.
Ultimately maybe try
to leap up a rung.
There's order in that.
There's order in the angelic
realms reaching into us
and saying, here's a hand.
I want to help you out.
Dream of me, and I'll help you.
>>HENRY: Yeah, exactly.
But we still have
to go through it.
>>REGINA: But we have
And one thing I'm
seeing, and that's
where I really am wondering
about this second realm
intervention, archonic
intervention, whatever you,
whichever, whatever, it
might all go together,
is the amount of psychosis,
narcissism, meanness,
and lack of care that
is expressing itself
on the planet.
I mean, our grandmothers and
fathers would be horrified,
and they didn't
have an easy life.
There was a lot of spousal
abuse and all that.
>>HENRY: Sure.
>>REGINA: But the general way
in which we treated each other
was more civilized.
>>HENRY: Yeah, and
this is, I think,
attributed to AI and
the dehumanization that
you're just--
you're not really a
human being, you're
just another part of
this AI machine now.
And as AI rises, so does this
narcissism and all of those
attributes that
you just described.
I mean, there's a one-to-one
correlation in my mind
that you can just
witness for yourself.
It's this is happening.
>>REGINA: It's happening
in families everywhere.
>>HENRY: Yeah, because all
your kids are doing is this.
>>REGINA: And we're like, what
happened to my kid, you know.
>>HENRY: Yeah, exactly.
>>REGINA: So you also wrote that
for transhumanists, the soul is
nothing more than an algorithm.
And transhumanists, generally
speaking, are sectarian.
They do not have
spiritual practice,
they're terrified of dying
because once the body
disintegrates, you end.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
>>REGINA: There is no-- for
them, in their own beliefs,
there's no soul, so now they've
put it out as a philosophy
that we're nothing
more than an algorithm.
>>HENRY: That's it.
They had to redefine the
definition of the word soul
and to just information data.
You're just matter.
And darling, you don't.
That's the fact of the matter
from their perspective.
You're just information.
It doesn't matter if
you're in this container
or if you-- we put you
in a container like this,
it's still you.
In fact, you your soul
just all those photos,
all those phone
calls we've recorded,
all those cameras that we--
all the video we take of you.
>>REGINA: We can recreate you.
>>HENRY: We can recreate
you, and it's still you.
That is your soul.
That information is your soul.
That's their argument.
And they had to make
that argument because--
>>REGINA: Of course,
they have to because they
don't believe in a soul.
>>HENRY: Precisely.
>>REGINA: When you look--
>>HENRY: Don't believe in God.
>>REGINA: When you
go-- yeah, you go back
into the transhumanist movement
and look at the players,
these are not religious people.
>>HENRY: They are not.
>>REGINA: They're
not spiritual people.
>>HENRY: Not at all.
>>REGINA: So here we are
now we're with this big mess
that our kids and our
grandkids and ourselves
are having to contend with.
So let's look at now
the reverse of that.
The various things that
we can do for-- we've
already talked about reclaiming
yourself and using technology
in a very discerning way.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: If you're
going to choose a show,
choose a show with heart.
>>HENRY: Right.
Right.
And if you're going
to use your computer,
make sure you're using
it for specific purposes,
not just wandering around
aimlessly and sucking up time.
I mean, these are all
things within our control.
>>REGINA: But we have another
problem, and that is the kids.
And parents have
become increasingly
fearful of their own
children in terms
of exerting any kind of, I
don't even want to use the word
discipline, guidance.
Just saying, hey, no.
No, you can't do that all day.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: No.
>>HENRY: And then the
other side of that,
too, is the argument
I hear is that, oh,
these kids are different,
and they've come in for this.
And so they're better
equipped to handle it.
I don't want to wait around and
see what happens in 20 years
once these kids grow up.
>>REGINA: No we
still-- we have--
>>HENRY: I mean, it
has to be done now.
And this is the time where
the intervention if there's
going to be one, has to happen
within the next one to three
years maximum.
Maybe even less than that.
Because everything
I've been reading says,
2030 is their ultimate target
date for this transformation.
And that puts us in
this window right now
where we have an
opportunity to intervene.
And--
>>REGINA: Yeah, because
that-- these numbers the years
that I've heard
from all the people
I interview, right, they're
all getting their downloads.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: 2026, 2027, and
2030 things are changing.
Humanity is
essentially changing.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: You can only
like bite your fingernails
and hope that that message meant
we turn the corner together.
>>HENRY: Right.
Yeah.
And because, again, when
you listen to the technology
people, they don't talk
in terms of casualties,
but there will be.
This is really the grave
concern, no pun intended.
Seriously it's like, OK, this
is deadly serious stuff here.
We're not just talking
about, oh, maybe this
might not be good.
This is a war, OK.
This is a war that we're
all involved in here.
And when we start to
look at that look at it
from that perspective,
we gain a lot of clarity.
>>REGINA: Go into your
light so you don't need
to focus on whatever that is.
You need to focus
on what you are.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
>>REGINA: You use the
example of an acorn.
Can you tell us that?
>>HENRY: This is such
a beautiful analogy
that the acorn, the tiny seed
that has within its coding
a massive oak tree that's
capable of then dropping more
acorns, and this process of
cyclical change and growth
just perpetuates itself.
And that's what
we are essentially
are these acorns that have
been dropped into this world.
Yet we-- yeah, we might be
considered fallen beings,
but we fell into this
soil here in order
to manifest the oak tree.
And then that oak then becomes
our vehicle of ascension
into the higher realms.
So if we start to think
about ourselves in that way,
there's--
>>REGINA: As little acorns,
we just need a little sunshine
and love.
>>HENRY: Exactly.
Exact-- and a vision
of what is possible.
>>REGINA: And water.
Hydrate.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
And water.
And a vision for what
is possible for us.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>HENRY: And that's
what I've always
tried to provide for
people in my work.
The art of living ascension
looking at artwork
of these ascended beings.
>>REGINA: I was just
going to bring that up.
Let's talk about the
things that you really
prize that raise our
frequencies into more light.
>>HENRY: Right.
Well, I mean, apart from what
you think and apart from what
you put in your mouth, there
are things that you're-- where
you're directing your
focus and your attention.
That is your ultimate
ultimate tool
is where are you
putting your intention,
where are you putting
your attention,
what are you feeding?
And that is within
control of all of us.
And what many of
us need is a sense
of what is possible for me.
I mean, we don't
grow up being taught
that we're these
transformational beings that we
have encoded within our DNA
these wonderful abilities.
And if we start when we're
five, by the time we're 25,
we can start to more
fully awaken them.
But just imagine if
we could do that.
And that's the predicament
all of us are in.
We have an awakening experience,
be it some a health issue,
career issue, family whatever.
Suddenly now,
we're in it, and we
need to know what is possible
and what we can ultimately
achieve.
>>REGINA: And we need to
start inculcating that
into the younger generation--
>>HENRY: Yes.
>>REGINA: --by simple
little joyful practices
that we can give them.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: Just even looking
for the most beautiful thing
they can see in the room.
Or when you're on
a trip, tell us
when you see
something beautiful.
You know, shout it out.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: But ordering
toward beauty which
is higher frequency, right.
And even if it's music, for
example, if it's artwork.
Even if it's a thought
or something someone
said and starting to instill
in them a kind of a fascination
with or desire for
these things of beauty,
these elements of beauty.
>>HENRY: Right, right.
Just your voice.
>>REGINA: It's so simple.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Watch our voice
and use our voice kindly
toward others.
Not in a shrill, ugly
shouting kind of way.
And finally, you're
really interested now.
And this just for a
moment, talk about Samson,
and let's talk about
you're interested now,
and you're going to start
working with men to start
dealing with any of the
remaining toxic patriarchal
values and vibrations inside.
>>HENRY: Yeah, like last year,
I came upon the story of Samson.
I'd never really heard
it before that an angel,
a being of light,
came to his mother
and said you will give
birth to this child
even though she's
barren and it's Samson.
>>REGINA: Familiar story.
>>HENRY: Yeah, leader
of the Israelites.
He's a Nazarite, and his power
is supposed to be in his hair.
And he's a strong man.
He kills a lion
with his bare hands.
And I just started
finding numerous examples
of that archetype
from Ashurbanipal
to even Jesus is associated
with the lion, and why is that?
What is that connection
with lion people.
And I'm giving a talk here
at Gaia on the lion people.
And I realized that
there's this kind
of suppressed, not divine
masculine, but enlightened
masculine.
I mean a white
American male talking--
people want to talk-- they don't
want to hear from me anymore.
I'm toxic, right.
But within me is still this
enlightened part of myself,
and it's like I want to
draw that out of myself,
and I want to help other
men to draw it out,
too, because we're being
told to sit down and shut up.
That we're the problem.
And we're not the problem.
We're part of the solution.
And we have to rise ourselves
in our own frequency
and tap into these
higher archetypes,
be it the Christ
consciousness or Samson.
Some of these-- like
Hercules, Vajrapi,
the companion of the Buddha
is one of these figures.
And there's a whole just
treasure trove there waiting
to be tapped into
that will, I think,
really awaken a different
kind of masculinity.
>>REGINA: I think so.
But as always,
there's the pendulum.
And the oppressed usually have
to have their say in their day.
>>HENRY: For sure.
>>REGINA: And so here we are.
The white men have been ruling
the joint for a long time.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: Globally.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So now the others,
all of the rest of us women,
all the people with
lower serotonin rates,
let's just say that--
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: --oftentimes
can overreact.
And when we do, that's
natural in the pendulum swing.
>>HENRY: Totally.
>>REGINA: So we've got to
give ourselves patience
and compassion and grace.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: Let people
have their say,
let it go further the other way.
>>HENRY: Right.
>>REGINA: But if you're one of
the people who can stay sane
during all of this and have
true grace and compassion,
then we can look at the beauty
that's in these white males
still--
that still have
something to contribute,
and they're not all
condemned to go to hell.
>>HENRY: Right, right, right.
>>REGINA: So I think it's
very important to acknowledge
the-- acknowledge that journey
that women and people of color
have had to take--
>>HENRY: Without a doubt.
>>REGINA: --alongside
not just trashing
all the men of the planet
because they don't all
deserve it.
>>HENRY: Absolutely.
And a corollary
for me to that is
the rise of the interest
in Mary Magdalene.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
>>HENRY: A resurgence of that.
I was writing about
Mary Magdalene
20 years ago with Sir Laurence
Gardner, and looking at it now,
all of a sudden, it's
come back around,
and it's so exciting because
I see her, Magdalene,
as a true like beacon.
As a true awakening force.
>>REGINA: And the
Templars were devoted
to her, many were
devoted to Mary Magdalene
more so than Jesus Christ.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
Well yeah, and I've
always thought of Jesus
as her daredevil test pilot.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>HENRY: So--
>>REGINA: Kind of-- yeah
they were well matched.
>>HENRY: Well matched.
Exactly.
Right.
>>REGINA: That's interesting,
and maybe some other time,
we'll also talk about some
of what you and Sir Laurence
Gardner were up to in the day.
He was such a wonderful man.
>>HENRY: Oh, he was.
>>REGINA: I only, I had
dinner with him once.
Wonderful man.
>>HENRY: I really miss him.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So we'll find out what
that was all about
because I think he had access
to documents and vaults
and things.
>>HENRY: He definitely did.
Houses.
Manor houses in England
that are stuffed with stuff.
>>REGINA: OK.
>>HENRY: Yeah.
>>REGINA: We'll have another
conversation another day.
William, it's always an absolute
pleasure talking with you.
>>HENRY: Thank you so much.
>>REGINA: So wonderful,
so inspiring,
fun, scary, all
at the same time.
>>HENRY: Right, right, right.
[LAUGHTER]
>>REGINA: Thank you.
>>HENRY: Thanks for holding
our hand through all this.
>>REGINA: Yes.
The title of the
book is "Ascension:
Divine Stories of Awakening the
Whole and Holy Being Within."
You can also take a deeper dive
into the nuances of and threats
to our ascension by going
to williamhenry.net.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."